Nothing is impossible, the word itself says “I’m possible”! -- Audrey Hepburn
I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. -- Maya Angelou
Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right. -- Henry Ford
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. -- Vince Lombardi
Life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent of how I react to it. -- Charles Swindoll
If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough. -- Oprah Winfrey
None of us is as smart as all of us. -- Ken Blanchard
I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. -- Jimmy Dean
Believe you can and you’re halfway there. -- Theodore Roosevelt
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart. -- Eleanor Roosevelt
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. -- Les Brown
Alone, we can do so little; together we can do so much. -- Helen Keller
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. -- Napoleon Hill
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover. -- Mark Twain
I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. -- Michael Jordan
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. -- Albert Einstein
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. -- Stephen Covey
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. --Henry Ford
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. -- Alice Walker
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. -- Amelia Earhart
Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common vision, the ability to direct individual accomplishments toward organizational objectives. It is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results. -- Andrew Carnegie
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. -- Robert Louis Stevenson
The real opportunity for success lies within the person and not in the job. -- Zig Ziglar
Change your thoughts and you change your world. -- Norman Vincent Peale
There is no royal road to anything. One thing at a time, all things in succession. That which grows fast, withers as rapidly. That which grows slowly, endures. -- Josiah Gilbert Holland
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact. -- William James
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs. -- Farrah Gray
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. -- Dalai Lama
You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have. -- Maya Angelou
I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear. -- Rosa Parks
I would rather die of passion than of boredom. -- Vincent van Gogh
A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty. -- Unknown
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. -- Albert Einstein
What’s money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. -- Bob Dylan
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do. -- Leonardo da Vinci
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. -- Booker T. Washington
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me. -- Erma Bombeck
The quickest way to double your money is to fold it over and put it back in your pocket. -- Will Rogers
Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart. -- Ancient Indian Proverb
When I hear somebody sigh, ‘Life is hard,’ I am always tempted to ask, ‘Compared to what?’” -- Sydney Harris
Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. -- Confucius
Nurture your mind with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes. -- Benjamin Disraeli
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down “happy”. They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life. -- John Lennon
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
We can’t help everyone, but everyone can help someone. -- Ronald Reagan
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. —George Addair
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. —Plato
Nothing will work unless you do. —Maya Angelou
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples. —Mother Teresa
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. —Plutarch
Like a fish, one should look for a hole in the net. ~Samoan Proverb
Persevere like a bird in the wind. ~Samoan Proverb
Life is like this: sometimes sun, sometimes rain. ~Fijian Proverb
All knowledge is not taught in one school. ~ Hawaiian Proverb
Wonderful people come in different shapes and sizes.
Beauty is how you feel on the inside.
“Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.” ~Jim Rohn
Of all things you wear, your expression is the most important.
Beauty captures your attention but personality captures your heart.
I've never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful.
“Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.” ~Margaret B. Runbeck
“Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.” ~George Bernard Shaw
“Failure is success if we learn from it.” ~Malcolm S. Forbes
“But the real secret to total gorgeousness is to believe in yourself, have self confidence, and try to be secure in your decisions and thoughts.” ~Kirsten Dunst
“Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.” ~Confucius
"It's not what you look like, that makes you who you are. It's what you do, that makes you who you are."
“One can build a better world by using our talents.”
“Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.” ~Kahlil Gibran
“That which is striking and beautiful is not always good, but that which is good is always beautiful.” ~Ninon de L'Enclos